Purpose of the project "ticket_system" is to demonstrate my programming abilities on potential job interviews.

1. Resolved status archives ticket 3 days after resolving -- done
2. When ticket is in resolved status, no field other than status can be changed -- done
3. Refactor ticket field duplication (controller and view) -- done
4. Refactor entire code, so that we can have a good feeling from it -- done
5. Solve submit problem, nothing is currently being submitted - done
6. Dynamic field graying out -- done
7. Solve validation errors not displaying in fields -- done
8. Items -- done
9. Resolver group support -- done
10. On hold status needs reason -- done
11. Priority 1 can be added only by user with the necessary permission -- done
12. Activities -- done
13. SLAs -- done
14. Implement Requests -- done
15. Implement multiple tasks support for requests -- done
16. E-mail notification on Incident and Request when opened to caller -- done
17. Resolver required_if Status in_progress -- done
18. Comment required_if Status resolved -- done

19. Resolver Panel -- in progress
- flexible sidebar -- done
- reusable table definition to examine existing entities (Incident, Request, Task, Change, etc..) in application -- done
- if resolver is in specific sidebar tab, make it apparent it is selected
- ability to sort table results by  clicking on table header either in ascendant, or descendant order
- ability to search through each column by typing text
- ability to paginate through the table
- ability to save favorite sidebar tab, and lookup saved favorites in sidebar navigation on top
- resolver panel tabs should be visible only by resolvers and managers

20. Statistics
21. Knowledge articles for common problems
22. Change templates
23. Subcategories
24. Watch list for tickets
25. Make TicketEditForm be synchronized in real time between browsers
26. Send e-mail, when Ticket SLA is before expiration

Use case problems:
- Priority 1 is shown even if user has no permission to set priority one
- Comment on EditForms required even if status is already on hold, and it was not changed to on hold at all.. we need to required the comment only if the status was changed

Refactor Ideas:
- change TicketTrait to separate traits
- Table class is too big, in 2 months we will not know what is going on there

